# DriverPass
DriverPass is a learning management system (LMS) that helps new drivers pass their driving test. Students can review online study material, take tests, and schedule personal driving lessons with certified instructors. Employees of the business can also interact with the LMS, such as setting up driving appointments on a student's behalf and uploading progress notes of driving lessons.

## Final Thoughts
I believe my system design document turned out well. I had a strong grasp of each diagram type (UML Use Case, Activity, Sequence, and Class) and could expand on them further if the online tool I was using did not have restrictions. I can imagine that a real-world system design document would include many more diagrams compared to the few required for this project. If I were to choose something to revise, it would be portions of the business requirements document. In particular, the nonfunctional requirements could have been made more measurable. Additionally, the Gantt chart should be more legible (without the assistance of image-expanding tools). The chart is important as it describes the timeline of events that will occur sequentially to meet a deadline.

When creating the business requirements documents, many of the core functionalities outlined came from the interview that was conducted with the owner of DriverPass. It's important to incorporate the features and ideas that the client has envisioned to turn a concept into reality. Once the system requirements have been acknowledged, the focus turns to the nonfunctional requirements, such as security and performance. These metrics may not be necessarily highlighted by the client, but are just as important for a robust system. In the end, it's important to consider the user's needs because they are the ones who will use the system to its full extent. A fleshed-out web application and user experience contribute to retaining existing customers and attracting new ones.

When designing software, it's important to be thorough during each phase of the software development cycle, especially the beginning. Requirement gathering methods define the scope and goals of the project. Defining the requirements (business requirement document) outlines the needs of the stakeholders. Design (system design document) focuses on the project's architecture. Ensuring that these three phases of development are thoroughly defined will allow the building phase to go smoothly. At each step, it's important to keep the client informed so that they are aware of what's going on and can provide additional insight and feedback before development begins.
